you've built an empire from the ground
up mr. Hill it's an honor the man who
built in New York people will insist in
your buildings make you immortal
now as you slip away do you feel
immortal
we offer humanity's greatest minds more
time to fulfill their potential designed
to offer you the very best of the human
experience it's alive empty that's all
if we do this there's no turning back
your old life is over it's something to
stop your heart how are you feeling has
her new body smell sense of humor good
just relax and have some fun after all
at your age I'd say you
hmm okay fine this was an inclusive
nation in mortality has some side
effects well as possible there is no
science no progress without sacrifice
I never wanted us suffer I gave you what
you wanted
you did the midlife no I did so I'll be
going
I can already feel myself a without me
your mind will relapse and we both know
it takes over I'm the only one standing
between you and Olivia